Update README.md: update the 'more details' url in the section 'TLS endpoint' (#2814)
prometheus/node_exporter: README.md

./node_exporter --web.config.file=web-config.yml
```

> See the [exporter-toolkit web-configuration](https://github.com/prometheus/exporter-toolkit/blob/v0.10.0/docs/web-configuration.md) for more details.

Reviewer: In all of the other repos we just link to current.

```suggestion
See the [exporter-toolkit web-configuration](https://github.com/prometheus/exporter-toolkit/blob/master/docs/web-configuration.md) for more details.
```
